Add a more strict check for chars in the symbol names (#627)
man-group/ArcticDB: docs/mkdocs/docs/error_messages.md

| Error Code | Cause                                                                  | Resolution                                                                                                                                          |
|------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 7000       | The input provided by the user is invalid in some fashion.             | The resolution will depend on the nature of the incorrect input, and should be explained in the associated error message. |
| 7001       | The input was expected to be a valid decimal string but it is not a valid decimal string.             | Pass a valid decimal string. |

> | 7002       | An unsupported character was found in a symbol name.             | We support only the ASCII characters between 32-127 inclussive. Change your symbols name so it contains only valid characters. **If you want to bypass this check, you can define an environment variable called - ARCTICDB_VersionStore_NoStrictSymbolCheck_int=1**. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 7002       | An unsupported character was found in a symbol name.             | We support only the ASCII characters between 32-127 inclusive. Change your symbol name so it contains only valid characters. **If you want to bypass this check, you can define an environment variable called - ARCTICDB_VersionStore_NoStrictSymbolCheck_int=1**.
```

> | 7002       | An unsupported character was found in a symbol name.             | We support only the ASCII characters between 32-127 inclussive. Change your symbols name so it contains only valid characters. **If you want to bypass this check, you can define an environment variable called - ARCTICDB_VersionStore_NoStrictSymbolCheck_int=1**. |

Reviewer: Worth a test that setting the env var also sets the config int correctly?

Author: yep, tested it, it works
